
~BM*** Systoggle ***

~FTUsage:~RS systoggle

This toggles various system flags on and off. Current options are:
   rethome      - If ON then prisoners will be put back into their home group
                  when they are released.
   rrids        - If ON then a random id will be generated for a remote user if
                  their id clashes with an id already in use. 
   loopback     - If ON then users will be allowed to loop back to a server
                  from a remote server.
   renum        - If ON then boards will automatically have their messages
                  renumbered when out of date messages are deleted.
   lognetbcast  - If ON then network broadcast messages received will be logged.
   pkthexdump   - If ON then all packets received and sent will be hexdumped to
                  the log file. WARNING: This produces a LOT of output and can
                  seriously slow down network operation. Only use for debugging.
   stripcodes   - If ON (the default) then all printcodes that could mess up 
                  other users sessions are stripped from user input. This is
                  best left on unless you really want some users causing chaos.
   whoatlogin   - If ON then someone at the login prompt can type "who" and
                  see all users logged on. If yours is a private system (ie new
                  accounts cannot be created at login) then you may not want
                  strangers seeing who uses the system.
   rembatchruns - If ON then someone can run a local batch when on a remote
                  server.
   newaccounts  - If ON then new accounts can be created at the login prompt.
   deldiscin    - If ON then any disconnected incoming server connections will
                  be deleted from the server list (this happens anyway with
                  connections that fail to connect in the first place).
   loguxpkts    - If ON then any unexpected packets will be logged.
   svrlisten    - If ON then the server port will be open and listening for
                  incoming connections.
   outenforce   - If ON then the server will disconnect from a remote server if
                  it refuses to do encryption on a connection our server has
                  initiated. If OFF then a warning is given but the connection
                  is retained. Toggling this flag has no effect on links
                  that are already connected.
   resolvint    - If ON then the server will search through its user and 
                  connected servers list to find a matching ip number for the
                  user or server that has just connected and hopefully a 
                  resolved IP name. If it cannot it spawns a resolver thread.
                  If OFF then a resolver thread is spawned immediately.
   savenovices  - If ON then novice user accounts are saved. Else they are
                  deleted.
   delaccounts  - If ON then deleted user accounts are really deleted , ie the
                  user directory is removed , not just renamed.
   loggroups    - If ON then will log all text spoken in a group to the log
                  file in the given group/user directory.

~FYSee also:~RS syset, toggle

