3.0.0a (Jan 96)
------
Initial alpha release.


3.0.0  (March 96)
-----
1. Added revclr command

2. Added last_login_len element in user structure for examine command
   and saving this in the user data files makes these files incompatible with 
   the alpha version. Tough titties.

3. Various bug fixes


3.1.0 (April 96)
-----
1. Added cloning facilities and all associated commands - clone, destroy,
   clsay, clhear, allclones, myclones. A new field was added to the config
   file called "max_clones"

2. Added "from" command which like its unix equivalent shows who you've got
   mail from but not the actual message.

3. Added "rstat" command which gets statistics for a remote system. This 
   required the addition of the RSTAT netlink command.

4. Added a swearing prevention measure which involves the "swban" command
   and the "ban_swearing" field in the config file. This is for all would be
   big brothers out there :)

5. Upgraded the wizshout command.

6. Rewrote the search command so that now its actually of some use.

7. Added an "afk" command. This is an omission I meant to put in nuts 2 but  
   never got round to it.

8. Moved the mapfile and newsfile into the datafiles directory and the names
   of the banfiles are now stored in macros.

9. The usual bug fixes and minor code changes.


3.1.1  (April)
-----

1. You can now specify which room message board to read with the "read" 
   command.

2. Entering "version" at the login prompt gives the software version.

3. Bug fixes and other minor "look and feel" alterations.


3.1.2  (May)
-----

1. Added "crash_recovery" option to config file. Read the about_config doc for
   further information.

2. Replaced bcopy() call with memcpy() call as bcopy is an old Berkeley
   function which might not be found in all systems (I know of 1 site which
   didn't have it) whereas memcpy is an ISO standard function.

3. '/' is now a shortcut for .tell and '#' for shout.

4. Remote users can now create clones.

5. Some major bug fixes and some minor changes and additions.


3.2.0 (July)
-----

1. Added the cls, colour, ignshout, igntell, suicide, delete and reboot 
   commands and whatever extra fields were required to the user structure.

2. The names of the following commands names were changed:
    clsay -> csay,  clhear -> chear, listen -> ignall

3. Colour has been added to the talker which the "colour" command toggles on
   and off for each user.

4. The editor has been upgraded and comes up with a "Save, redo or abort" 
   prompt when the message has been entered.

5. The name of a config file can now be optionally entered on the command 
   line else the talker will use the default "config" one.

6. The crash_recovery config file option has become crash_action and now
   takes different arguments.

7. The colour_def and time_out_afks options have been added to the config file
   whilst the dos_newline option has been removed since the output strings are
   parsed anyway for colour commands so the \r is added automatically.

8. The clone, destroy and move commands can now optionally have the room left
   out whereupon they will assume you mean the current room you are in. The
   "here" option for move has been made redundant and has been removed.

9. The talker now passes its version number along with its verification string
   on the netlink and also when verifiying another talker it passes the link
   type along with the verify ok string eg: "VERIFY OK OUT". This only is of
   use when the server you are connecting to will not allow users from your
   site to cross over ie: OUTgoing only.

10. Bug fixes and other minor code changes.

